# A Factual Error Correction dataset for Dialogue Summarization
Authors: Mingqi Gao, Xiaojun Wan, Jia Su, Zhefeng Wang, Baoxing Huai

## Dataset Structure

The dataset consists of two main folders: SAMSum and DialogSum. The data under each folder is collected from the corresponding dialogue summarization dataset. Each folder has four JSON files (train.json, val.json, test,json and total.json). 

#### File Structure

The meaning of the keys in each JSON file is as follows:

**id**: Identifier of the dialogue in the original dialogue summarization dataset.

**dialogue**: The source dialogue.

**references**: The reference summaries of the source dialogue from the original dialogue summarization datasets.

**model_summaries**: The model-generated summaries and the corrected summaries. Models: BART, UniLM, MV-BART, CODS.

- **original_summary**: The original summary generated by a summarization model.

- **consistency**: True or False. Whether the original_summary is factually consistent or not.

- **modified**: The corrected summary written by human annotators. If the original summary is factually consistent, the modified summary will be the same as the original summary.

**error_categories**: Information on factual error categories. If the original summary is factually consistent, this will be an empty list.

- **start**: the starting position of the erroreous span in the original summary. (number of characters)

- **text**: the erroreous span.

- **type**: the error type.




